here I'm going to be showing you how to
prepare chiles the key about chili is
generally the bigger they are the
smoother they are the milder they are so
here we've got some small scotch bonnet
West Indian chilies they're going to be
quite hot because they're quite small
and then really hot Birds Eye chilies
which are used in Indian and Thai
cooking all the heat in a chili is
contained in the seeds and the rib to
the chili which holds the seeds in place
so if you want the chili heat but
without the real kick to it the best
thing to do is to remove the seeds you
can do that with a knife by simply
cutting it away or you can also use a
teaspoon scraping the seeds and the rib
out of the chili once you've removed the
seeds you can slice the chili so you
have nice needles of chili there we have
nice sliced chili or you can finely chop
the chili by slicing the chili into
matchsticks and then chopping the chili
so you get a nice fine dice of course if
you want some of that heat from the
chili you can simply slice the chili
with the seeds and the rim in place the
heat from the chili can irritate your
skin if you have sensitive skin then you
might want to prepare chilies using
rubber gloves and other things remember
is you once you prepare chilies is to
wash your hands afterwards you don't
want to scratch your eyes or scratch
your face because they'll irritate your
eyes in your face so there we have
finely sliced chili finely chopped chili
and sliced chili rounds
you